Update `create DID` wiki page (#986)
iotaledger/identity.rs: documentation/docs/concepts/decentralized_identifiers/alias.md

---
title: Alias Output 
sidebar_label: Alias Output
description: UTXO Alias Ouput
image: /img/Identity_icon.png
keywords:
- public keys
- utxo
- Method Specification
- Decentralized Identifiers
- overview
- DLT
---

# Alias Output

> The IOTA method uses the IOTA ledger which uses the [unspent transaction output (UTXO) model](https://wiki.iota.org/goshimmer/protocol_specification/components/ledgerstate). Also, the features of the [Stardust](https://blog.shimmer.network/stardust-upgrade-in-a-nutshell/) upgrade are fundamental to the IOTA DID method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IOTA method uses the IOTA ledger which uses the [unspent transaction output (UTXO) model](https://wiki.iota.org/goshimmer/protocol_specification/components/ledgerstate). Also, the features of the [Stardust](https://wiki.iota.org/introduction/develop/explanations/what_is_stardust) upgrade are fundamental to the IOTA DID method.
```
